# Productivity Improvement by Work Study Technique: A Case on Leather Products Industry of Bangladesh
# Abstract
Now a day, productivity improvement is a popular topic for any kinds of industry. So that improving productivity is one of the main concerns of leather products industries. Work study is most important tools that can help to increase productivity in leather products industry. Hence, this study helps to identify the bottleneck and suggest appropriate system to improve productivity. For this purpose, method study has been carried out by applying questioning techniques concept where recording and critical analysis of all related information has been performed in particular production line. As a result considerable amount of work content is reduced in the new improved method. Then time study has been taken by stopwatch and determined the basic time for all operation sequences and the capacity of each workstation per day has been calculated. By applying method study and work measurement in the industry at production line-Surma for ladies bag, productivity has been improved by 12.71%Now a day, productivity improvement is a popular topic for any kinds of industry. So that improving productivity is one of the main concerns of leather products industries. Work study is most important tools that can help to increase productivity in leather products industry. Hence, this study helps to identify the bottleneck and suggest appropriate system to improve productivity. For this purpose, method study has been carried out by applying questioning techniques concept where recording and critical analysis of all related information has been performed in particular production line. As a result considerable amount of work content is reduced in the new improved method. Then time study has been taken by stopwatch and determined the basic time for all operation sequences and the capacity of each workstation per day has been calculated. By applying method study and work measurement in the industry at production line-Surma for ladies bag, productivity has been improved by 12.71%
# Introduction
# Literature review of work study
# Solution Methodology
# Results and Discussion 
# Conclusions and Recommendation 

.
